>> Speaker 2: Well,
it sounds like we will recombine for
some more advanced AI content.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, taking something like
this and getting it ready for production.
So what are all the steps
you need to take?
Because right now this is great, but
you couldn't show this to users,
it'll break, it'll be bad.
So what else do you need to do to
make sure that this is resilience,
and it's working.
How do you know it's working?
How do you measure that?
Yeah, there's just a lot more
that you need to do that
are more of it is AI related.
But a lot of it's just like all the things
that kind of surround the AI to make sure
it's good, but
not directly correlated with AI.
So,we'll mostly go inside because I feel
like there's a lot of tutorials out there,
how to get started with the LLMs and
do stuff.
But no one's really showing you,
this is how I ship with it in production.
So but I do, so
I wanna show you how I do it.
So that's what the course is for.
>> Speaker 2: Cool, I think that's it,
thanks Scott, cool.
>> [APPLAUSE]